listen wait you made a snake eyes movie
without us
no just without you guys snake eyes is
the newest reboot of a reboot that's
being pitched as a spin-off taking a
spin on a character who's never taken
his mask off
in fact henry didn't even audition for
the role since they approached him with
this idea
of making him the face of this new
franchise and while snake guys is known
for being silent
you know they weren't going to cast
golding and not use his accent snake
eyes doesn't talk
actually i'm henry gould henry golden
i play snake eyes in the new movie i
personally was excited for this one
because it had my boy eco in it and they
claimed that 90 to 95
of the stunts were all practical with
the actors and well they weren't lying
it was the actors and the story was a
lot like the raid 2 which i would
definitely recommend to go watch
but here they're obviously looking to
re-reboot the cinematic universe
starting off with an
okay rented with a sequel already being
written for snake eyes they're
supposedly already working on a prime
show for lady j
and to make it global they'll probably
even bring in the g.i jose
i karambah let me explain
now the previous two were pretty goofy
blockbusters with the first being helmed
by the director of the mummy which is
why a wild frazier appears in it
the second had henry's crazy rich
director john m chu taking it to new
heights
world ain't saving itself if gi joes
were the call of duty for the youth of
the past then these movies were like a
blend of both
it follows channing tatum and his team
as they get drafted by a hologram quaid
into becoming gi joes in order to fight
the evil cobra syndicate
they're dealing with nanobites that get
gi jabbed into the joe's
global weapons for world domination and
the rock continuing to work for the
white house
what if the president
isn't the president but with this new
one i
guess those are just locked away for now
well let's find out if we've wasted a
billion taxpayer dollars that said
i'd rather this be a reboot because if
not we're following the story of a man
who would eventually get stepped up by
channing tatum and get
whooped this is next tarantino see the
previous live actions did dive a bit
into snake eyes flashbacks how he was a
lone boy who found refuge in this clan
who was able to take him in
while tommy who was already in it was
too jealous to ever get along with him
eventually even killing their leader and
running away personally i think the best
parts of those movies are the bits
dealing with snake eyes and storm shadow
and the
dichotomy of their relationship and fun
fact snake eyes was played by darth maul
actor ray park
now they've got the director of the
divergent movies handling this commando
but
at least this dude worked on one of the
best movies of all time
time traveler's wife so full spoilers
for this one this one starts off with a
20-year flashback where a young snake
sees his dad get hunted down and killed
by a man
who pulls a harvey dent but with dice
cause unbeknownst to him his father was
a gi joe
and now he's decided to take up the name
of snake guy since that's what his
father rolled to his death
we're just probably not that healthy
they did get creator larry hama's
co-sign for this new take since he
himself said that back in the day
he was just slapping cymbals when he was
first coming up with the writing i had
no
idea why they both had it
or what it signified or anything i just
put this symbol on on their arms and
then
four issues later i had to figure out
why
snake then grows up as a street fighter
in underground la before hitting the
docks and joining the yakuza
only to get tangled in the wrong things
when he betrays the mafia in order to
save this dude named tommy who he was
forced to kill
like the raid that gets him into tommy's
good graces tommy takes him to japan
and ducks him into his clan and vouches
for him all the way and i really like
andrew's take on tommy
he's next in line to be the leader of
this clan which at the moment is run by
his grandma son
who are all there to protect the jewel
of the sun and this dude abides by the
bushido code and is working hard to take
up the mantle
he's even out on the field recruiting
since the clan is always looking for
outsiders who can bring in a perception
of the new world that'll keep them up to
date
that's where akiko comes in who i
thought was an interesting new character
they just they just kind of treated her
like a hall monitor though
she straight up gets punched square in
the face two times in this movie
like she's the head of security who
knows something fishy is going on with
this new guy
yet gets duped with his sob story i
think she has potential but they just
didn't show it here
there's then the masters who are all
there to push snake eyes and his three
challenges
it's pretty much his training to become
a ghost and to honor the code of the
clan
that's where eko comes in to face him
and push him to the edge
by testing him to take a bowl of water
out of his hands
there's blind master who helps him face
his fears and then a navy light that he
follows into this chamber of secrets
that's meant to cleanse his ego you know
because each challenge is pushing the
idea that with selflessness there will
be harmony we did
um two about two months of
pre-production
um in vancouver um and that
included a boot camp with kenji tanagaki
and his crew of of samurai
experts it was a solid four hours a day
every single day with like an hour and a
half two hours of script work after that
for literally
two and a half months i could not sit on
the toilet
and i couldn't well and if i made my way
to the toilet i couldn't get up to the
toilet
literally my legs were in ruins in terms
of the action i thought it was decent
there's this car carrier scene that i
thought was pretty cool there's a rope
cut bit with a chair in the beginning
fight that was super dope
and when it comes to andrew who plays
tommy dude's a true warrior and he
weaves those blades like he's a
conductor
but the thing is is that while it's cool
to have the actors do their own stunts
sadly many times that means they're
going to compromise with the camera work
and boy does it move a lot
like they cut right before the stars
would get cut and while there's some
great choreography that shines through
too much of it is spliced to the point
that the behind the scenes are better
like it's even there where you see eco
looking like he was training the
stuntmen
now in terms of eco they didn't do him
as dirty as the movie stubber did or
mile 22 that had like 23 cuts a minute
but like
he did more fighting in the trailers
than he did the feature i think they
filmed more behind the scenes than they
did scenes so he wouldn't one-up the
star
the director here is clearly a big
japanese film fan and you can spot more
homages and
mangled wolverine with them actually
filming in japan with some parts even
looking like a tokyo commercial
they filmed in these 1 000 year old
temples and honored traditional fighting
styles
they just didn't speak japanese like
some bits are subtitled since the idea
is that snake eyes is a true foreigner
who isn't fluent like he's too busy on
rosetta stone to protect the stone
but we're also talking about a character
whose flashbacks take place in
washington state
a dude who grows up in la like he's
fully american
yeah it has a british accent actually
i'm henry
henry golding kanta here is the main
movies villain
he's the man running the yakuza and is
actually tommy's cousin who would have
been next in line for the clan
before obviously getting kicked out
since he was the bad guy but this
fool is working with him the whole plan
was to raid the clan and gain their
trust
in exchange for the man who killed
snake's father yet after a snake pulls a
judas on the clan and gets to confront
the father's killer
dude just lets him go like i understand
forgiveness and abiding by the code but
like
brother this man's still a killer and
you gave him back his eldorado dice
nah when you really look at it tommy's
the one who put it all on the line
not only was he duped by this boy who he
vouched for but man is always rolling
with honor when the clan wanted to kill
kenta
it was him who pushed to kick him out he
forgave snake after getting too timed
and still he gets betrayed with a blood
brother pack just to get the blood
diamond back
so much for being a gentleman scarlett
also appears in the second half who's
now played by samara weaving
it's not a big role but as the title
states this is the origins for the gi
joes and
eventually you're gonna get all of them
back with all their one-liners you don't
ask to be part of g.i joe
you get ass you think it it doesn't
we are tough but what also sensitive
it's almost like
they're based off toys but you see
there's a lot that they can do with
snake eyes because
one he's always been the coolest there's
a lot of other genres that you can deal
with
as seen with this one and he's always
been the smartest we have to find a
quiet way to get inside
elevator cables the baroness also shows
up in this one since she's helping kenta
on behalf of cobra
and so she goes to tokyo not for a money
heist but to snatch this jewel legend
has it that this stone possesses
supernatural powers so once kenta runs
the jewels
he turns on cobra and kamehameha has
half the clans temple
and even though he's up a stone to none
dude blows one of the
worst third act leads i've seen in a
blockbuster in a while
like when the other goon showed up to a
gunfight with knives
scarlett just shot them up this man has
a whole infinity stone
and doesn't blast anyone like boyd got
beat with a fan
a fan in the end the clan is able to
restore order
but because tommy wanted to use this
stone which he wasn't supposed to
in order to protect the clan they kicked
tommy out of the clan they even teased a
scene which appears in the trailer
in in the movie i'd call it an after two
credits because they show it immediately
that he's going to become storm shadow
and he's going to be the next villain
but in reality i'm just more interested
in his story like i left the snake eyes
movie rooting for tommy and wanting him
to get some justice
if this two-timer over here could be
forgiven so if you've ever wondered who
would make the better solo film
well now we know and knowing is half the
battle thank you all for watching this
video i'm curious know your thoughts on
this movie
i'd say it's better than the other two
gi joe movies that we got but it's going
to be interesting to see how they're
going to approach it because
one i really do like the style they were
able to do here with the different genre
influences
because clearly the gi approach that
they had i mean they rebooted in less
than a decade so that wasn't working
but i really don't know what their plans
are because there is supposedly
they're teasing a fourth film in the
series so i don't know if it really is a
reboot clearly it's a reboot with this
movie but
i don't know they have so many plans up
there there's the idea that the producer
wants to combine gi joes and
transformers
hey studios are doing crazy stuff
nowadays everybody wants to be the next
feige they want to build whatever they
want but
hey we'll see it is interesting to note
though that larry the creator
he used to work for marvel and it was
when he was working for marvel that they
actually scrapped a whole shield arc
that he had
and when they had him right for gi joe
he just incorporated all of those ideas
into that so if you've ever felt
that uh gi joe's copying marvel i mean
to a degree
it's been there in the past storm shadow
you will tell us cobra's end game
other than that i'm curious know your
thoughts about this movie or what you
would want to see in the future anything
else dealing with films
until next time don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and i'll send you a
replica of morning light